User Case 2: Student writes review and rates a class
Actor: A student who has completed this class before
Use Case Overview: It is 3 weeks after the final exam. A student gets his/her final grade for a class(CS411), he/she then
wants to write a review for this class to provide more information to other students. The student login the app, rates the class, then
writes a review. At last, the student submits the review.

Basic Flow: Student writes review and gives a rating
Description: This scenario describes the situation where a logged in user writes a review. This is the main success scenario.
1. Student login to the app with facebook/twitter.
2. Student type in the course ID CS411 in the search bar.
3. The app displays the link/button.
4. Student clicks on the button, and is directed to the review page for CS411.
5. This page contains past reviews for this class. The student scrolls down to the bottom of the page, where there are two empty boxes: One 
for rating, the other larger text box is for typing the review.
6. Student chooses a rating(out of 5, can be a float number)
7. Student types in his/her review in the text box. 
8. Student clicks the "submit" button.
9. The app displays a message "Thank you for your review!"


Alternative Flow 2A: Student tries to submit the review without login
1. Student clicks the "submit" button.
2. The app shows the login menu, prompts the student to login.
3. Student login with facebook/twitter.
4. The student's previous response was recorded, he/she is directed back to the previous page.
5. Student clicks the "submit" button again.
6. Submission succesful. The app displays a message "Thank you for your review!"

Alternative flow 2B: Student forgets to rate the class but tries to submit the review.
1. Student click the "submit" button. 
2. The app displays an error message "You haven't rate this class yet."
3. Student chooses a rating(out of 5, can be a float number)
4. Student clicks the "submit" button again.
5. Submission succesful. The app displays a message "Thank you for your review!"
